smart_v2/test_server_faq.md, before:

# How to use Cerner's Test Server for SMARTv2

## URLs

### FHIR server base URL

https://fhir-myrecord.stagingcerner.com/beta/ec2458f2-1e24-41c8-b71b-0e701af7583d/

#### CapabilityStatement API

BASE_URL/metadata

#### Observation API

BASE_URL/Observation

### Authorization server base URL

https://authorization.cerner.com/tenants/ec2458f2-1e24-41c8-b71b-0e701af7583d/

#### Authorize endpoint

AUTH_BASE_URL/protocols/oauth2/profiles/smart-v1/personas/patient/authorize

#### Token endpoint

AUTH_BASE_URL/protocols/oauth2/profiles/smart-v1/token

#### Introspection endpoint

https://authorization.cerner.com/tokeninfo

## Prerequisites

### Register your client with Cerner

It's a hackathon, so contact Max Philips and he will hack your registration into Cerner's system. If you prefer a particular client id, let Max know.

## Scenarios

General notes:

* Cerner's test server requires both old-style and new-style scopes to be requested when generating tokens for this track. That is, you must request a scope of patient/Observation.read as well as any applicable SMARTv2 scopes.
* Cerner's test server does not support writing Observations for this connectathon, but all scopes mentioned on the wiki can still be requested.
* Please set an Accept: application/fhir+json header on all requests to Cerner's FHIR server.

### Scenario 0: Discovery of SMARTv2 Support

SMARTv2 support is advertised in the well-known SMART configuration.

    GET BASE_URL/.well-known/smart-configuration

### Scenario 1: Share access to Observations with SMARTv2 resource-level scopes

Create and use tokens with scopes `patient/Observation.rs` and `patient/Observation.crs` (as mentioned above, this scope can be requested, but not used).

Generate an authorization token with your preferred library or client. Use test patient Nancy Smart 12724066. Her credentials are nancysmart / Cerner01.

Expect 200! Yay!

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}

Expect 400. No required parameters are set.

    GET BASE_URL/Observation

Expect 403. Insufficient scope.

    GET BASE_URL/Encounter?patient={}

### Scenario 2: Like Scenario 1 but with Vital Signs Observations (SMARTv2 category-level scopes)

Create and use tokens with scopes `patient/Observation.rs?category=http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/observation-category|vital-signs` and `patient/Observation.crs?category=http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/observation-category|vital-signs` (as mentioned above, this scope can be requested, but not used).

Generate an authorization token with your preferred library or client. Use test patient Nancy Smart 12724066. Her credentials are nancysmart / Cerner01.

Expect 200! Yay!

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}&category=vital-signs

Expect 200! Yay!

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}&category=http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/observation-category|vital-signs

Expect 422. Need to set a category.

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}

Expect 422. Need to set the right category.

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}&category=laboratory

### Scenario 3: Like Scenario 1 but with POST-based "authorize" API call

Unsupported.

### Scenario 4: Like Scenario 1 but with PKCE enabled

Unsupported.

### Scenario 5: Token Introspection

Well-known SMART configuration returns an introspection_endpoint.

    POST https://authorization.cerner.com/tokeninfo
    Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

    token=TOKEN

Commit message:

Make patient login credentials more obvious

smart_v2/test_server_faq.md, after:

# How to use Cerner's Test Server for SMARTv2

## URLs

### FHIR server base URL

https://fhir-myrecord.stagingcerner.com/beta/ec2458f2-1e24-41c8-b71b-0e701af7583d/

#### CapabilityStatement API

BASE_URL/metadata

#### Observation API

BASE_URL/Observation

### Authorization server base URL

https://authorization.cerner.com/tenants/ec2458f2-1e24-41c8-b71b-0e701af7583d/

#### Authorize endpoint

AUTH_BASE_URL/protocols/oauth2/profiles/smart-v1/personas/patient/authorize

#### Token endpoint

AUTH_BASE_URL/protocols/oauth2/profiles/smart-v1/token

#### Introspection endpoint

https://authorization.cerner.com/tokeninfo

## Prerequisites

### Register your client with Cerner

It's a hackathon, so contact Max Philips and he will hack your registration into Cerner's system. If you prefer a particular client id, let Max know.

## Scenarios

General notes:

* Cerner's test server requires both old-style and new-style scopes to be requested when generating tokens for this track. That is, you must request a scope of patient/Observation.read as well as any applicable SMARTv2 scopes.
* Cerner's test server does not support writing Observations for this connectathon, but all scopes mentioned on the wiki can still be requested.
* Please set an Accept: application/fhir+json header on all requests to Cerner's FHIR server.

### Scenario 0: Discovery of SMARTv2 Support

SMARTv2 support is advertised in the well-known SMART configuration.

    GET BASE_URL/.well-known/smart-configuration

### Scenario 1: Share access to Observations with SMARTv2 resource-level scopes

Create and use tokens with scopes `patient/Observation.rs` and `patient/Observation.crs` (as mentioned above, this scope can be requested, but not used).

Generate an authorization token with your preferred library or client. You can log in with test patient Nancy Smart (patient id 12724066): username nancysmart / password Cerner01.

Expect 200! Yay!

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}

Expect 400. No required parameters are set.

    GET BASE_URL/Observation

Expect 403. Insufficient scope.

    GET BASE_URL/Encounter?patient={}

### Scenario 2: Like Scenario 1 but with Vital Signs Observations (SMARTv2 category-level scopes)

Create and use tokens with scopes `patient/Observation.rs?category=http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/observation-category|vital-signs` and `patient/Observation.crs?category=http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/observation-category|vital-signs` (as mentioned above, this scope can be requested, but not used).

Generate an authorization token with your preferred library or client. You can log in with test patient Nancy Smart (patient id 12724066): username nancysmart / password Cerner01.

Expect 200! Yay!

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}&category=vital-signs

Expect 200! Yay!

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}&category=http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/observation-category|vital-signs

Expect 422. Need to set a category.

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}

Expect 422. Need to set the right category.

    GET BASE_URL/Observation?patient={}&category=laboratory

### Scenario 3: Like Scenario 1 but with POST-based "authorize" API call

Unsupported.

### Scenario 4: Like Scenario 1 but with PKCE enabled

Unsupported.

### Scenario 5: Token Introspection

Well-known SMART configuration returns an introspection_endpoint.

    POST https://authorization.cerner.com/tokeninfo
    Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

    token=TOKEN
